get to this point in the level and just
fire I set fire to the right there it is
there is a warp 4 11 and where does 11
lead you why it leaves you here where is
here takes you right to 14
right at the start of level one to take
out some enemies and then just shoot
right over here and reveal the warp now
this one takes you to another spot in
the level you go left you get no prize
it takes towards the eye level but if
you go right you can face off with some
nasty frogs soon as you pass underneath
that the frogs will come out get it one
up you just hop up there to go to the
exit like so
you reach this part of the level jump up
to the top here stand right here and
just shoot and you know that's the warp
right there isn't that great it takes
you in here and you get yourself a bunch
of free apples don't get hit by the
grammar you go up there and get to the
warp it will take you to a world 14
assuming you took the warp from level 11
you can get to the warp it one for you
get to do some swimming and you get to
ground is going to be so way exciting
and fun all right mr. Kiwi get moving we
so you get up into this area mm-hmm and
you head to the left firing the whole
way to make sure nothing kills you cuz
hey getting killed sucks I see these
guys up here jump in and take them out
and then shoot here and you hit the war
for 14 and it will land you in level 24
the easiest way to get this one is just
to fly over the top of it and go over
there however you can do it by jumping
where you want to go is its jump up in
here and just keep going keep jumping
and far away it's summer in here there
it is and it'll take you to stage 2 3
alright so when you're coming up here
just fire over with these guys appear
and a warp should we appear in that
great Wow look at this all sorts of war
p looking things however this one just
takes it right to the end nice and easy
after passing through the pool of water
here shoot over to this way to reveal
the warp and it'll keep you further
ahead with in stage 2 3
alright once you get to this spot in the
level drop down deal with the enemies
once you land because hey there's always
enemies to deal with let's win this
froggy dogs now get up on this platform
here fire away and then very carefully
leap across to the warp destroy all
enemies in this room to make the warp
appear to level 31
which reach this part of the level of
three to go up here shoot people in the
face because they deserve it also
because they're foolish you're trying to
stop you you get rid of your balloon
fall straight down here land on the
platform here just fire over to the
right and you'll make it appear into an
empty room except it's not empty because
you got to warp there which will take
you to 33
you at this point in 41 and you realize
401 is a sucky level you don't want to
play through just come in here shoot
there and get there make sure to grab
the one up though outside first and then
you get one in here as well so too is
pretty sweet shoot these guys collect
some treasure head on down here and go
oh where does this for uptake us
hopefully some are really cool no not so
much but it does let you finish for one
very very easily
get yourself down to this position here
shoot across the way make that appear
now here's the tricky part you got to
get into there like so now what is your
reward couple extra lives and then you
are warped into the second part just two
extra lives but very very useful for a
very tough level
you